Add README for `efo-mondo-map.tsv` (#104)
PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/efo-mondo-mapping/README.md

##EFO and MONDO mapping

> The Experimental Factor Ontology (EFO) is a resource that provides systematic description of experimental variables including cancer groups available in EBI databases and some other external projects. The scope of EFO is to support the annotation, analysis and visualization of data handled by many groups at the EBI and as the core ontology for OpenTargets.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Experimental Factor Ontology (EFO) is a resource that provides systematic description of experimental variables including cancer groups available in EBI databases and some other external projects. The scope of EFO is to support the annotation, analysis and visualization of data handled by many groups at the EBI and as the core ontology for OpenTargets.org
```

Can you add what EBI is here? Also, will you add a hyperlink for OpenTargets.org and update this to be one sentence per line?

Author: Done. Please take another look and let me know how you like it.

The Mondo Disease Ontology (Mondo) is another independent resource aiming to harmonize disease definitions. 

> The purpose of maintaining this dataset is to map each cancer group found in the histologies.tsv to its appropriate EFO and MONDO codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of maintaining `efo-mondo-map.tsv` is to map each cancer group found in the `histologies.tsv` to its appropriate EFO and MONDO codes.
```

###Format

The EFO codes may have prefix “EFO_”, “MONDO_” or “Orphanet_”, while the MONDO codes have a prefix “MONDO_”; each followed by seven digits.

As more cancer groups or subtypes are added to existing histologies dataset and/or in case of any ambiguity, these codes will be revised.

> Currently, all non-NA cancer groups from the histologies files except 'Epilepsy', 'Dysplasia/Gliosis;Glial-neuronal tumor NOS', 'Arteriovenous malformation', and 'Reactive connective tissue' are included in this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, all non-NA cancer groups from `histologies.tsv` except 'Epilepsy', 'Dysplasia/Gliosis;Glial-neuronal tumor NOS', 'Arteriovenous malformation', and 'Reactive connective tissue' are included `efo-mondo-map.tsv`.
```

# EFO and MONDO mapping

## Introduction and Purpose

> The Experimental Factor Ontology (EFO) is a resource that provides systematic description of experimental variables including cancer groups available in [European Bioinformatics Institute](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ "EMBL-EBI's Homepage") databases and some other external projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Experimental Factor Ontology (EFO) is a resource that provides systematic description of experimental variables including cancer groups available in [European Bioinformatics Institute](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/) databases and some other external projects. 
```

> The scope of EFO is to support the annotation, analysis and visualization of data handled by many groups at the EBI and as the core ontology for [OpenTargets](https://www.opentargets.org/ "OpenTargets' Homepage").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scope of EFO is to support the annotation, analysis and visualization of data handled by many groups at the EBI and as the core ontology for [OpenTargets](https://www.opentargets.org/).
```
This doesn't seem to have gone through - I just updated what it should look like, though. Here is a section on [links](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#links).

Author: @jharenza That's weird. I pushed this change last week. It looks fine in my branch. 
Anyway, thank you.
